update doc about Helm schematic workload (#1198)
oam-dev/kubevela: docs/en/helm/known-issues.md

# Limitations and known issues

> Here are the highlights for using Helm Chart as schematic module. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are the highlights for using Helm Chart as schematic module. We hope to loosen or remove most of these restrictions over time.
```

strategies in the Helm schematic according to [fluxcd/helmrelease API
doc](https://github.com/fluxcd/helm-controller/blob/main/docs/api/helmrelease.md#upgraderemediation)
and [spec doc](https://toolkit.fluxcd.io/components/helm/helmreleases/#configuring-failure-remediation) 
in case of upgrade failure.

For example
```yaml
apiVersion: core.oam.dev/v1alpha2
kind: WorkloadDefinition
metadata:
  name: webapp-chart
spec:
...
  schematic:
    helm:
      release:
        chart:
          spec:
            chart: "podinfo"
            version: "5.1.4"
        upgrade:
          remediation:
            retries: 3 
            remediationStrategy: rollback
      repository:
        url: "http://oam.dev/catalog/"

```

Currently, users can hardly get helpful information of a living Helm release to
figure out what happened if upgrading failed.  
We will enhance the observability to help users track the situation of Helm
release in application level.

#### Changing traits may make Pod restart

Traits work on Helm schematic workload in the same way as CUE based workload.
The changes on traits will effect the main workload finally.

> Users should pay attention that, pods belonging to the workload may restart
> because of various possible changes applied to the workload, that will result 
> in service down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users should pay attention that, pods belonging to the workload may restart twice on upgrade,
one is by the helm upgrade, and the other one is because of various possible changes applied to the workload,
that will result in service down.
```

> # Limitations and known issues

Reviewer: Please add a section about application upgrade.

1. What will we do when we change the values, how does the underlying helm chart be updated?
2. Using trait will patch the `main` workload, which may cause the pods of workload to restart.

Author: got it.

Here are the highlights for using Helm Chart as schematic module. 

## Only one main workload in the Chart

> The Chart must have exactly one workload considered as the main workload, e.g.,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Chart must have exactly one workload being regarded as the **main** workload, e.g.,
```

> Deployment, CloneSet, etc. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

In our context, `main workload` means the workload that will be tracked by

> KubeVela controllers, applied with Traits and added into Scopes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KubeVela controllers, applied with traits and added into scopes. 
```

> To tell KubeVela which one is the main workload, two tasks are required:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To tell KubeVela which one is the main workload, you must follow these two steps:
```

#### 1. Declare main workload's resource definition

> The field, `.spec.definitionRef` , in `WorkloadDefinition` is used to record the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The field `.spec.definitionRef` in `WorkloadDefinition` is used to record the
```

resource definition of the main workload. 
The name should be in the format: `<resource>.<group>`. 

> ```yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the Deployment resource should be defined as:
```yaml
```

apiVersion: core.oam.dev/v1alpha2
kind: WorkloadDefinition
...
spec:
  definitionRef:
    name: deployments.apps
    version: v1
```

> ```yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The clonset  resource should be defined as:
```yaml
```

...
spec:
  definitionRef:
    name: clonesets.apps.kruise.io
    version: v1alpha1
```

#### 2. Qualified full name of the main workload

> The name of the main workload should be templated with `qualifiied full name` by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of the main workload should be templated with `qualified full name` by
```

Please add a link here about what is the `qualifiied full name`

Author: ok

default.
You can learn how Helm generate a qualifiied full name by `helm create` and

> check [the helper template file](https://github.com/oam-dev/kubevela/blob/6c0141a62d950feed33cca69889d41fd55ece0a0/charts/vela-core/templates/_helpers.tpl#L10). 

Reviewer: Maybe find a example url from helm official website？

Author: Sure, let me check

> Helm highly recommended that new charts are created via helm create command as 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helm is highly recommended that new charts are created via `helm create` command as 
```

the template names are automatically defined as per this best practice.
You must let your main workload use the templated full name as its name,

> meanwhile NOT assign any value to `.Values.fullnameOverride`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DO NOT assign any value to `.Values.fullnameOverride`.
```

## Support OpenAPI v3 JSON schema  

> Since uses can override default values of a Chart through Application's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since users can override default values of a Chart through Application's
```

`settings`, we should help users to be familiar with the content of a Helm
Chart's `Values.yaml`.
Currently users can only learn it from reading Chart's README doc or 
`Values.yaml` file.

> We will integerate with the [openapi-v3-json-schema automatically generation](https://kubevela.io/#/en/platform-engineers/openapi-v3-json-schema.md) soon.

Reviewer: This section is not needed.
